== Karoshi - Simple SNS

Karoshi is Simple SNS. 
1. Sign up
2. Join the Community
3. Select the Topic
4. Share the Post

== HOW TO BUILD
1. git clone https://github.com/boringmachine/Karoshi
2. gem install rails
3. gem install rake
4. gem install bundler
5. yum install ruby ruby-devel mysql-devel sqlite-devel libxml2-devel rubygem-nokogiri nodejs
6. rails new Hoo
7. cp Hoo/config/secrets.yml Karoshi/config/secrets.yml
8. cd Karoshi
9. bundle install
10. bundle update
11. rake db:migrate
12. rake db:seed
13. rails s
14. gem install brakeman
15. brakeman

== License
Rails is released under the MIT license. Ruby under the Ruby License.

Karoshi is released under the MIT license.

-------------

    Karoshi
    The MIT License (MIT)
    Copyright (c) 2014 Shun Sugiyama
    http://github.com/boringmachine/Karoshi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
